DOC: Updates to documentation (#111)
sami2py/sami2py: README.rst

  make -C sami2py/fortran compile

or, on windows,

.. code-block:: console

  make -C sami2py\fortran compile

> Note that you will need a fortran compiler (gfortran is the default setup) and make installed on your system.

Reviewer: Adding a section (here or elsewhere and linking here) on how to change the default compiler would be helpful.

  import sami2py

> If this is your first import of sami2py, it will remind you to set the top level directory that will hold the model output.  This should be a string containing the path to the directory you want to store the data in, such as ``path='/Users/me/data/sami2py'`` or ``path='C:\home\data'``.  If you plan to update the code via git, this should be outside the main code directory so that git does not try to store your local code runs within the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this is your first import of sami2py, it will remind you to set the top level directory that will hold the model output.  This should be a string containing the path to the directory you want to store the data in, such as ``path='/Users/me/data/sami2py'`` or ``path='C:\home\data'``.  This should be outside the main code directory, so model output files are not confused with model inputs or source code.  If you are using Git, it will also ensure that Git does not try to store your local code runs within the repository.
```
